README.md, before:

<div align="center">
    <img style="margin: 0 auto" src="src/assets/images/title.png" alt="Title" width="68%"/>
</div>
<br/>

# SCHRODINGER'S ESCAPE - 2022 Global Game Jam project

## Game resume
Pr. Erwin Schrödinger really did his cat's experiment ! But, the cat found the craft box very very comfy and doesn't want to get out of it. Kitty has to escape the lab before the professor could catch him. But, beware, Kitty is dead AND alive. He needs to manage to stay in his both states when escaping, or he might destroy is quantum intrication!

## context

We are a french streamers' team who wanted to make the Global Game Jam this year, for fun and challenge.
You can find replays of the creation process of the game on xurei's channel : [https://www.twitch.tv/xurei](https://www.twitch.tv/xurei).

## HOW TO BUILD:
- REQUIREMENTS: npm & node must be installed
- run `npm install`
- run `npm start` to run the game locally then visit `localhost:8080` in your browser (Chrome)
- To build : run `npm run build` for building prod version, packaged version will be in the /dist folder.

## WE CONTINUE THE GAME HERE :
- We released a functional versions here [Vercel release](https://ggj2022.vercel.app)  
  This version has been improved after the Game Jam. 
- We have a public github there : [github](https://github.com/lactorr/gamejam)

## Team

### Developers
- xurei [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/xurei)
- TixLeGeek [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/tixlegeek)
- Kromette [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/kromette)
- lactor [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/lactorr)

### Musicians & sound makers
- Aldhissla LaForgeDesLords [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/laforgedeslords)
- WoodyLutherie [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/woodylutherie)

### Level Designer
- Hippo_FabMaker [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/hippo_fabmaker)

### Graphical Designers
- Hippo_FabMaker [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/hippo_fabmaker)
- Fibertooth [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/fibertooth)
- PrincessPirotess [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/princesspirotess)

### Moral supports, voice actors and main characters (aka : all our pets)
Archie (Archibald Von Boulrouss), Aria, Mauka, Philippe, Anyel , Teal'c,
Micha, Nala, Lucky, Irish, Kupo, Bouddha

## Framework and Language
- PhaserJS as game engine (https://www.phaser.io)
- Javascript/TypeScript

## TODOLIST (after the Game Jam)
- play sound on switch cat
- use procedural generation for levels
- add extra tiles for richer gaming experience

Commit message:

added feedback & bugs part in README, added the feedback from Tix's student

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
    <img style="margin: 0 auto" src="src/assets/images/title.png" alt="Title" width="68%"/>
</div>
<br/>

# SCHRODINGER'S ESCAPE - 2022 Global Game Jam project

## Game resume
Pr. Erwin Schrödinger really did his cat's experiment ! But, the cat found the craft box very very comfy and doesn't want to get out of it. Kitty has to escape the lab before the professor could catch him. But, beware, Kitty is dead AND alive. He needs to manage to stay in his both states when escaping, or he might destroy is quantum intrication!

## context

We are a french streamers' team who wanted to make the Global Game Jam this year, for fun and challenge.
You can find replays of the creation process of the game on xurei's channel : [https://www.twitch.tv/xurei](https://www.twitch.tv/xurei).

## HOW TO BUILD:
- REQUIREMENTS: npm & node must be installed
- run `npm install`
- run `npm start` to run the game locally then visit `localhost:8080` in your browser (Chrome)
- To build : run `npm run build` for building prod version, packaged version will be in the /dist folder.

## WE CONTINUE THE GAME HERE :
- We released a functional versions here [Vercel release](https://ggj2022.vercel.app)  
  This version has been improved after the Game Jam.
- We have a public github there : [github](https://github.com/lactorr/gamejam)

## Team

### Developers
- xurei [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/xurei)
- TixLeGeek [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/tixlegeek)
- Kromette [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/kromette)
- lactor [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/lactorr)

### Musicians & sound makers
- Aldhissla LaForgeDesLords [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/laforgedeslords)
- WoodyLutherie [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/woodylutherie)

### Level Designer
- Hippo_FabMaker [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/hippo_fabmaker)

### Graphical Designers
- Hippo_FabMaker [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/hippo_fabmaker)
- Fibertooth [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/fibertooth)
- PrincessPirotess [twitch](https://www.twitch.tv/princesspirotess)

### Moral supports, voice actors and main characters (aka : all our pets)
Archie (Archibald Von Boulrouss), Aria, Mauka, Philippe, Anyel , Teal'c,
Micha, Nala, Lucky, Irish, Kupo, Bouddha

## Framework and Language
- PhaserJS as game engine (https://www.phaser.io)
- Javascript/TypeScript

## FEEDBACK & BUGS
- when user presses backspace during the outro scene, cats will keep their speed
for the next level -> feedback to test

## TODOLIST (after the Game Jam)
- play sound on switch cat
- use procedural generation for levels
- add extra tiles for richer gaming experience
